Emperor
Something bad happened to the waterfall
His Highness the Thirteenth Prince beat Lord Xu down
Then send a few imperial doctors to take a look
This
This household department has given 13.
What to do is his business
I only look at the results
Obey
Today you make a fuss about complementarity
He also severely injured Lord Xu
Tomorrow morning the first is another bloody storm
Especially those who are not destined for the Pavilion
They've never been at odds with you
You are such a good lady to me.
Don't worry about it.
I've figured out right and wrong
You have a way to know
It depends on whether you have the ability to pry
Open my mouth
Ariben
Retreat without principal
I have the original curse
collateral
13 Prince Lion to the official line
deceive
Please check it out
Ouch.
Master Xu, stop scolding, stop scolding